v1.7.0 release notes (#7250)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.7.0.md

## Contributors

- [@Jeadie](https://github.com/Jeadie)
- [@peasee](https://github.com/peasee)
- [@sgrebnov](https://github.com/sgrebnov)
- [@kczimm](https://github.com/kczimm)
- [@phillipleblanc](https://github.com/phillipleblanc)
- [@Advayp](https://github.com/Advayp)
- [@lukekim](https://github.com/lukekim)
- [@ewgenius](https://github.com/ewgenius)
- [@mach-kernel](https://github.com/mach-kernel)
- [@krinart](https://github.com/krinart)
- [@ChrisTomAlxHitachi](https://github.com/ChrisTomAlxHitachi)

## New Contributors

> - @ChrisTomAlxHitachi made their first contribution in https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/6932

Author: ```suggestion
- @ChrisTomAlxHitachi made their first contribution in [github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/6932](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/pull/6932) 🎉
```

## Breaking Changes

No breaking changes.

## Cookbook Updates

> - Added [Spice with Dotnet SDK](https://github.com/spiceai/cookbook/blob/trunk/client-sdk/spice-dotnet-sdk-sample/README.md) - The recipe shows how to interact with Spice using the Dotnet SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
- New [Spice with Dotnet SDK](https://github.com/spiceai/cookbook/blob/trunk/client-sdk/spice-dotnet-sdk-sample/README.md) Recipe - The recipe shows how to query Spice using the Dotnet SDK.
```
